okay I am going to show you how to
become invincible um without um buying
it for a million clips
um so first you need to people and they
both have to be blind um this is me
jumping and my other and so we're going
to show you how to yeah and first this
also works for the second game second
little starter game and freshmen which
is what so first we're gonna go outside
and you need a place where you could
jump on a ledge and you cannot be a
droid and you are enjoyed that can that
jump then this will not happen if you
cannot jump hey hey there's a Ledge you
can just walk over then it's fine then
you can use your village you have to
jump off of then you have to be
something I can jump but right now um so
first you jump and then okay first you
jump and right when you're about to die
you click and drop down and then you
have to wait until your first appears
and then you press Start and then you
have no no parts but you can't really
see it because the video but you need
and then you lose all your hearts and
watch this I'm gonna stand here doing
nothing while Darth Maul Jack's me this
is listen and watch what happens
and now he has four hearts watch this
mm-hmm two three four
and I'll keep hitting in
and as you can and as you can see and
Vince really is off but we did buy it
this is our first file but if you don't
want to buy it um but the lien you
cannot do is if you switch to someone
else as so so right now I think I can oh
yeah you cannot get hit by anybody you
can get it by someone and not die but
whatever you do don't jump off the ledge
cuz then you get in your arts back and
you want to do this at the beginning of
the game because if you do it at the
later and you have a lot of money you
might lose something
but it's only other so if I other than
health like I have and then I go and
find someone to pick find someone to be
yeah see you know I have one heart so if
you want to do it you have to stay that
person but if you're doing it in free
play mode then you can just switch your
character and you'll still have all your
hearts I mean no hearts and that is how
you can have infinite health um except
so you don't have to buy that is